1:54 strokes is one of the most popular
outboards in the mercury line designed
to be rugged affordable and easy to own
a size to the dock and take a better
look
the four-cylinder three litre power head
gives a 150 plenty of displacement and
makes lots of power with minimum stress
despite that at 455 pounds it's one of
the lightest 150 s on the market today a
mercury designed this motor to be rigged
with standard controls it's a great
choice for repower the four point nine
inch skier case leads plenty of room for
some big robust gears in the lower unit
let's look at some features under the
column it's interesting that mercury has
turned the power head 11 degrees to
starboard helps make the call a little
smaller now this motor was designed the
idea that the owner could do most of the
routine maintenance the mercury knows
you won't read the owner's manual so
they put this sticker on the side of the
engine there's all the maintenance
specifications and a QR code that you
can activate with your cellphone and
actually watch videos to show you how to
change the oil change the spark plugs
and do other maintenance chores over on
the other side of the engine they've
added this yellow handle that makes it
easy to pull the fuel filter up so you
can service that
since its introduction the mercury 154
stroke has proved to be extremely
versatile powering everything from
pontoons the offshore center console
books read more about it in my column on
boats calm boat insurance hack ignited
marine underwriters were simply the best
at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters